Shipping fee calculator

Problem statement
You have been given a catalogue of products with its name and dimensions (length, breadth, height) in centimeters and product procurement location. A customer places an order by choosing set of products and provides his delivery location.

An order can contain repeated products.
A product can be available from multiple procurement locations.
Assume source inventory is unlimited.
Location should be modelled as coordinates like (x, y).

You need to calculate cheapest shipping fee for the order by using following rules.

If products are being procured from same location then the products can be shipped together in a basket whose max volume capacity is 20,000 cc.
Logistics also incur cost per unit distance travelled by the courier to deliver the package to the customer in accordance to a rate card.
Shipment to a local customer within 5 unit radius of the point of procurement is free.
Shipping cost is calculated using packaging fees + logistics fees.
 	A basket packaging cost has a flat fare of 100 rupees.
Packaging fees = (length * breadth * height ) / 100) rupees.

Logistics Rate Card

Distance (units)
Rate (Rs/unit distance)
0-5 -> 0
6-10 -> 6
11-* -> 12



Distance should be calculated with the euclidean distance formula:


For an order with list of products and delivery location calculate and print shipping fee for any of the following probable scenarios and suggest the cheapest one.
May be shipped using basket
May be shipped without using basket
May be shipped using basket and individual shipments for large products.
Sample catalogue
product
length
breadth
height
Procurement location
p2
250
200
200
(20,5)
p1
10
5
5
(12, 5)
p3
20
10
10
(100, 5)
p5
25
10
22
(100, 5)
p4
50
75
80
(15, 78)
p1
10
5
5
(22, 50)


Bonus question:
Consider packaging fees with handling attributes like fragile/flammable products.
Consider basketing option with nearby procurement locations.

Expectations
Code should be demo-able (very important), either by using a main driver program or test cases.
Create the sample data yourself. You can put it into a file, test case or main driver program itself. Do not spend much time on I/O and data formats; focus on core logic of the question.
Implementation need not be algo heavy.
Code should not be monolithic.
Code should be readable, modular, adaptable, formatted, testable, extensible with intuitive naming conventions. Best practices followed.
Code should handle edge cases properly and fail gracefully.
Don’t use any database, store all the data in memory.
Basic validations should pass.
Email your code to priyanka.jha@flipkart.com at the end of 90 mins with your name in the mail.
Guidelines
Feel free to discuss the solution with an interviewer
Please do not access internet for anything EXCEPT syntax
You are free to use the language of your choice.